# App User Guide

## Run main.py

The first section of the application contains the output of the win prediction model. This section allows you to select the team that you would like to be drafting for. Selecting the team and clicking the ‘Enter’ button will produce a 10x3 table. This table will show the 10 players that are predicted by the NBA Season Win Prediction Model to give you the highest win percentage for the 2024-25 NBA season if they were to be drafted and placed into your lineup. The first column of the table will be the draft prospects name. The second column will be the predicted win percentage with that player in your lineup, the output of the Win Prediction Model. The third column will give you the player’s playstyle All-star comparison, the output of the Nearest Neighbor Player Comparison Algorithm. 
The second section of the application, labeled “Available Players”, is a table of players that have declared for the 2024 NBA draft and are able to be drafted. This list is composed of both players coming out of college, as well as players that are entering the draft after having played in other International Leagues. The table displays the player’s name, position, as well as their college/international stats. These stats are their averages across all the seasons that they played in college or international leagues. These stats are their “per game” stats and therefore show the average of how many of each stat they log in each individual game. There is also a dropdown list that allows you to select any of the draftable players. Clicking the ‘Remove Drafted Player’ button will remove the selected player from the “Available Players” table. This will also remove the player from the Win Prediction Model in section one. This means after the player has been removed from the table, the player will not be included in the Win Prediction Model1 the next time the ‘Enter’ button is clicked to run the model. This allows the app user to keep an updated list of “Best Available Players” in real time as the draft unfolds.
The final section of the application, labeled “Player Radar Plot”, lets you show a Radar Plot of any of the draftable players to better understand their strengths and weaknesses. This contains a dropdown list to select any of the draftable players. Clicking the ‘Plot Stats’ button will show the radar plot of the player's stats. 
